Add note about core version (#16739)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/zwave_js.markdown

## Quick start (Home Assistant including Supervisor)

> <p class='note'>
> Setting up this integration with the add-on this way, require Home Assistant Core version 2021.3 or newer.
> </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="note">
Setting up this integration with the add-on, as described in this chapter, requires Home Assistant Core version 2021.3.0b0 or newer.
</div>
```
